BETRAYED|Jacqui Rose|A gripping story of gangs, drugs, girls and unbreakable bonds. Perfect for fans of Martina Cole and Mandasue Heller.  She trusted the man she loved. It was the most dangerous things she had ever done ... No one can touch Del Williams – the hardest gangster in Soho. He’s got the monopoly on the drugs, the clubs and the girls – it’d be a mistake to underestimate him. The one person he’d take a bullet for is tough, beautiful Bunny Barker, mother of their daughter Star.  Bunny is determined to shield Star from ‘life’ but Del has a lot of enemies. When a familiar face appears from their past, their family is put into terrible danger. Can Bunny protect Star from the demons of her own past, and her very worst nightmare?|Fiction

Shadow Spell|Nora Roberts|Three cousins inherit a gift that will transform their lives...Meara Quinn is in trouble. Fiercely independent and scarred by a tough childhood, she is convinced that love is for other people. She is certainly not going to fall for Connor O'Dwyer - her best friend's brother. He may be drop dead gorgeous, with a good heart and a wicked smile, but he's never taken his relationships seriously. Safer for them to stay friends, share the odd pint - nothing more. And loving Connor would be a dangerous business. With his sister Branna and his American cousin Iona, Connor has inherited a dark gift, passed down through generations. The cousins use their powers for good, but they are being hunted by evil. An evil that is determined to destroy them - and everyone they care for...In the enchanted woods of County Mayo, Meara must fight the one thing she fears the most - her own heart.|Fiction

The Time of Our Lives|Jane Costello|'Funny, sexy and moving - a hilarious holiday romp with a heart. I loved it' Sophie KinsellaThree best friends. One five-star hotel. Will it be the holiday of a lifetime . . .?Imogen and her friends Meredith and Nicola have had their fill of budget holidays, cattle-class flights and 6 a.m. offensives for a space by the pool.So when Meredith wins a VIP holiday at Barcelona's hippest new hotel, they plan to sip champagne with the jet set, party with the glitterati and switch off in unapologetic luxury.|Fiction

Traitor's Blade|Sebastien de Castell|Falcio is the first Cantor of the Greatcoats. Trained in the fighting arts and the laws of Tristia, the Greatcoats are travelling Magisters upholding King's Law. They are heroes. Or at least they were, until they stood aside while the Dukes took the kingdom, and impaled their King's head on a spike.Now Tristia is on the verge of collapse and the barbarians are sniffing at the borders. The Dukes bring chaos to the land, while the Greatcoats are scattered far and wide, reviled as traitors, their legendary coats in tatters. All they have left are the promises they made to King Paelis, to carry out one final mission|Fiction

Natchez Burning|Greg Iles|Extraordinarily entertaining and fiendishly suspenseful’ (Stephen King). The stunning new Penn Cage thriller in which a shocking murder from the 1960s finds new life - and victims - in the present.Penn Cage is facing a son's worst nightmare - having his father stand accused of murder. Worse, each effort to defend the legendary Dr Tom Cage unearths new, shocking secrets, leaving Penn to question whether he ever really knew his father at all.|Fiction

Be Careful What You Wish For|Jeffrey Archer|The fourth spellbinding book in the epic Clifton Chronicles series Be Careful What You Wish For opens with Harry Clifton and his wife Emma rushing to hospital to learn the fate of their son Sebastian, who has been involved in a fatal car accident. But who died, Sebastian or his best friend Bruno? When Ross Buchanan is forced to resign as chairman of the Barrington Shipping Company, Emma Clifton wants to replace him. But Don Pedro Martinez intends to install his puppet, the egregious Major Alex Fisher, in order to destroy the Barrington family firm just as the company plans to build its new luxury liner, the MV Buckingham. Back in London, Harry and Emma’s adopted daughter wins a scholarship to the Slade Academy of Art where she falls in love with a fellow student, Clive Bingham, who asks her to marry him. Both families are delighted until Priscilla Bingham, Jessica’s future mother-in-law, has a visit from an old friend, Lady Virginia Fenwick, who drops her particular brand of poison into the wedding chalice. Then, without warning, Cedric Hardcastle, a bluff Yorkshireman who no one has come across before, takes his place on the board of Barringtons. This causes an upheaval that none of them could have anticipated, and will change the lives of every member of the Clifton and Barrington families. Hardcastle’s first decision is who to support to become the next chairman of the board: Emma Clifton or Major Alex Fisher? And with that decision, the story takes yet another twist that will keep you on the edge of your seat.|Fiction

Never Look Back DI Mike Lockyer|Clare Donoghue|He's watching. He's waiting. He knows. After ten years in London, working for a City law firm, Clare Donoghue moved back to her home town in Somerset to undertake an MA in creative writing at Bath Spa University. The Watcher is her first novel and in 2011, whilst still an unpublished manuscript, was long-listed for the CWA Debut Dagger.|Fiction

Banquet for the Damned|Adam Nevill|The first novel by horror writer Adam Nevill, revised and with additional material Few believed Professor Coldwell could commune with spirits. But in Scotland's oldest university town something has passed from darkness into light. Now, the young are being haunted by night terrors and those who are visited disappear. This is certainly not a place for outsiders, especially at night. So what chance do a rootless musician and burned out explorer have of surviving their entanglement with an ageless supernatural evil and the ruthless cult that worships it? This chilling occult thriller is both an homage to the great age of British ghost stories and a pacy modern tale of diabolism and witchcraft.|Fiction

A Kings Ransom|Sharon Penman|The sequel to Lionheart, completing the story of Richard I From the New York Times bestselling author comes the stunning sequel to Lionheart Travelling home from the bloody battlefields of the Holy Land, the Crusader King Richard the Lionheart is shipwrecked in the Mediterranean after an encounter with pirates. He should be protected by a papal decree, but he is betrayed and captured by the Duke of Austria – a man who has good reason to loathe him – and is immediately claimed by the Holy Roman Emperor, who also bears him a bitter grudge. Richard is to spend fifteen months imprisoned, much of it in the notorious fortress at Trefils, which few men ever left. Meanwhile, his mother, Eleanor of Aquitaine, is moving heaven and earth to raise a staggering ransom, travelling across Europe herself to buy the release of her favourite son. But her determination may not be enough. At the eleventh hour, the Duke announces that he has had a better offer from the French king, Philippe, and Richard’s own treacherous brother, John. They will pay an even larger sum to continue Richard's captivity – or to turn him over to their tender mercies. Told with masterful insight and rich historical detail, A King’s Ransom is a striking portrayal of the darker, troubled years of Richard – a man whose courage, compassion and intelligence became the stuff of legend.|Fiction

Daughter of the Blood|Anne Bishop|The Darkness has had a Prince for a long, long time. Now the Queen is coming.For years the realm of Terreille has been falling into corruption, as the powerful Queens who rule it have turned to cruelty.But there is hope - a prophetic vision has revealed the coming of a Queen more powerful than any other. And once the foundations of her power - father, brother, lover - are in place, she will emerge from the darkness, bringing freedom. For she is the living myth, dreams made flesh; not just any witch, but Witch.|Fiction

Little Failure A memoir|Gary Shteyngart|Little Failure is an autobiography of comic genius by the hilarious Gary Shteyngart.Little Failure - its title the same as the alarming pet-name given to the young Gary Shteyngart by his father when growing up in pre-Glasnost Russia - is one of the most remarkable immigrant memoirs ever written.A candid and deeply poignant story of a Soviet family's trials and tribulations, and of their escape in 1979 to the consumerist promised land of the USA, it is also an exceptionally funny account of the author's transformation from asthmatic toddler in Red Square to 40-something Manhattanite with a receding hairline and a memoir to write.|Biography

Cycle of Lies The Fall of Lance Armstrong|Juliet Macur|A fly-on-the-wall account of the Lance Armstrong doping scandal – the greatest drama in modern sporting history by the New York Times cycling correspondent.As Lance Armstrong’s precipitous fall from grace continues, New York Times sports reporter Juliet Macur takes the reader behind the scenes to bring to life the astonishing twists and turns of the scandal that has rocked the world of cycling.With unprecedented access to the key players in the drama – from Armstrong’s fellow cyclists and top cycling officials to doctors, trainers and wives – Cycle of Lies reveals how Armstrong built a fortress of people around him to protect his image and upend the lives of anybody who stood in his way.As America’s fallen idol faces potential perjury charges, Cycle of Lies widens the focus to expose corruption at all levels of the sport in a thrilling, page-turning work of contemporary narrative history.|Biography

Twelve Years a Slave A True Story|Solomon Northup|The shocking first-hand account of one man’s remarkable fight for freedom; now an award-winning motion picture.‘Why had I not died in my young years – before God had given me children to love and live for? What unhappiness and suffering and sorrow it would have prevented. I sighed for liberty; but the bondsman's chain was round me, and could not be shaken off.’|Biography

Dear Ross An Amazing True Story of Love and Survival|Evelyn O Rourke|When broadcaster and journalist Evelyn O'Rourke was on maternity leave with her first child she discovered that she was pregnant for the second time. Within a week of this joyous news however, her world came crashing down when she was diagnosed with cancer. In this beautifully written and searingly honest memoir, Evelyn charts her journey - from the realisation that she would have to undergo invasive surgery and chemotherapy to the decisions she made and her determination to protect her unborn baby Ross and live for her family. Told with frankness and great humour, Dear Ross is a story about the strength of love: between families, sisters, brothers, a husband and a wife - but, most of all, the unwavering and uncompromising love between a mother and her children.|Biography

Be a Better Manager in a Week Teach Yourself|Rus Slater|This book will help you see that management is a responsibility, not a reward; this changes the fundamental mindset and in doing so makes you a better manager. You will learn:How to focus on what you need to achieveHow to improve the day to day activities and outputs of your teamHow to avoid taking on too much ownership How to develop your people to make their, and your, jobs easierHow to survive (and thrive) when times are tough Business Entrepreneur Revolution Daniel Priestley NOW IS THE AGE OF THE ENTREPRENEUR – DON’T GET LEFT BEHIND The world is embarking on a new age. The age of the entrepreneur, the agile small business owner, the flexible innovator. The days of the industrial age are over. It’s time to break free from the industrial revolution mind-set, quit working so hard, follow your dream and make a fortune along the way. The slow dinosaurs of the industrial age are being outpaced by fast-moving start-ups, ambitious small businesses and technological innovators.|Business

The Power of Habit|Charles Duhigg|In The Power of Habit, award-winning New York Times business reporter Charles Duhigg takes us to the thrilling edge of scientific discoveries that explain why habits exist and how they can be changed. With penetrating intelligence and an ability to distill vast amounts of information into engrossing narratives, Duhigg brings to life a whole new understanding of human nature and its potential for transformation.|Business

The Book Thief|Markus Zusak|THERE IS A SMALL FACT - YOU ARE GOING TO DIE 1939. Nazi Germany. The country is holding its breath. Death has never been busier.Liesel, a nine-year-old girl, is living with a foster family on Himmel Street. Her parents have been taken away to a concentration camp. Liesel steals books. This is her story and the story of the inhabitants of her street when the bombs begin to fall.|Popular

A March of Kings|Morgan Rice|A breathtaking new epic fantasy series. Morgan Rice does it again! This magical saga reminds me of the best of J.K. Rowling, George R.R. Martin, Rick Riordan, Christopher Paolini and J.R.R. Tolkien. I couldn’t put it down!--Allegra Skye, Bestselling author of SAVEDA MARCH OF KINGS is book #2 in the Bestselling series THE SORCERER'S RING, following A QUEST OF HEROES (Book #1), which is now available as a FREE download on Play!|Popular

Philomena|Martin Sixsmith|A compelling story of family secrets, love and loss - now a major film starring Judi Dench and Steve Coogan and directed by Stephen Frears. When she fell pregnant as a teenager in Ireland in 1952, Philomena Lee was sent to the convent at Roscrea in Co. Tipperary to be looked after as a fallen woman. She cared for her baby for three years until the Church took him from her and sold him, like countless others, to America for adoption. Coerced into signing a document promising never to attempt to see her child again, she nonetheless spent the next fifty years secretly searching for him, unaware that he was searching for her from across the Atlantic. Philomena's son, renamed Michael Hess, grew up to be a top Washington lawyer and a leading Republican official in the Reagan and Bush administrations. But he was a gay man in a homophobic party where he had to conceal not only his sexuality but, eventually, the fact that he had AIDs. With little time left, he returned to Ireland and the convent where he was born: his desperate quest to find his mother before he died left a legacy that was to unfold with unexpected consequences for all involved. The Lost Child of Philomena Lee is the tale of a mother and a son whose lives were scarred by the forces of hypocrisy on both sides of the Atlantic and of the secrets they were forced to keep. A compelling narrative of human love and loss, Martin Sixsmith's moving account is both heartbreaking yet ultimately redemptive.|Popular

A Feast of Dragons|Morgan Rice|A FEAST OF DRAGONS takes us deeper into Thor’s epic journey to becoming a warrior, as he journeys across the Sea of Fire to the dragon’s Isle of Mist. An unforgiving place, home to the most elite warriors of the world, Thor’s powers and abilities deepen as he trains. His friendships deepen, too, as they face adversities together, beyond what they could imagine. But as they find themselves up against unimaginable monsters , The Hundred quickly goes from training session to a matter of life or death. Not all will survive.|Popular

A Clash of Honor|Morgan Rice|A CLASH OF HONOR is Book #4 in the Bestselling series THE SORCERER'S RING, which begins with A QUEST OF HEROES (BOOK #1)--which is available as a FREE download on Google Play!In A CLASH OF HONOR (Book #4 in the Sorcerer's Ring), Thor has returned from The Hundred as a hardened warrior, and now he must learn what it means to battle for his homeland, to battle for life and death. The McClouds have raided deep into MacGil territory—deeper than ever before in the history of the Ring—and as Thor rides into an ambush, it will fall on his head to fend off the attack and save King’s Court.|Popular

Divergent|Veronica Roth|She turns to the future in a world that’s falling apart.The No. 1 New York Times bestseller DIVERGENT – a major motion picture in 2014.For sixteen-year-old Tris, the world changes in a heartbeat when she is forced to make a terrible choice. Turning her back on her family, Tris ventures out, alone, determined to find out where she truly belongs.Shocked by the brutality of her new life, Tris can trust no one. And yet she is drawn to a boy who seems to both threaten and protect her. The hardest choices may yet lie ahead....The first book in the DIVERGENT series that has swept the globe – selling millions of copies world-wide.|Popular

Drupal 7 Explained|Stephen Burge|At last: Drupal made truly easy! Master Drupal 7 hands-on, step-by-step, through easy examples from a leading Drupal trainer! Drupal 7 is an amazingly powerful web content management system. But many newcomers find it confusing, and most Drupal books are just too complicated to help. If you want to spend less time struggling with complex instructions, and more time building sites that make you proud, this is the book for you!|Technology

My Samsung Galaxy Note II|Craig James Johnston Guy Hart-Davis|Normal 0 false false false MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 Step-by-step instructions with callouts to Samsung Galaxy Note II photos that show you exactly what to do Help when you run into Samsung  Galaxy Note II problems or limitations Tips and Notes to help you get the most from your Samsung Galaxy Note II Full-color, step-by-step tasks walk you through getting and keeping your Samsung Galaxy Note II working just the way you want. Learn how to Make the most of Galaxy Note II’s powerful hardware--from S Pen to sensors Connect the right way at the right time, with Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, VPNs, NFC, and beaming Transform your Galaxy Note II into a Wi-Fi hotspot others can share Access websites fast and sync bookmarks across all your devices Customize your wallpaper, keyboard, sound, display, and language Efficiently manage your life: messages, contacts, meetings, and more Use GPS and Google Maps to find any destination and never get lost Get the exact information you need right now, with Google Now Play, sync, and manage media--from music to YouTube videos Store your music collection in the cloud, so you can listen anywhere Make plans faster by adding participants to calls in progress Automatically reject calls you don’t want|Technology

CCNA Routing and Switching|Wendell Odom|Cisco Press is the Official publisher for the New CCENT & CCNA Routing and Switching Certifications.  The New Edition of the Best-Selling two-book value priced CCNA Official Cert Guide Library includes Updated Content, New Exercises, and 150 Minutes of Video Training -- PLUS the CCENT and CCNA Network Simulator Lite Editions with 26 Free Network Simulator Labs.|Technology

C++ for the Impatient|Brian Overland|C++ for the Impatient offers both the quickest way for busy programmers to learn the latest features of the C++ language and a handy resource for quickly finding answers to specific language questions. Designed to give you the most accurate and up-to-date information you require fast and to the point, this book is also an essential guide to the new C++11 standard, including advanced uses of the C++ standard library. |Technology

The New Digital Age|Jared Cohen Eric Schmidt|This is the most important - and fascinating - book yet written about how the digital age will affect our world' Walter Isaacson, author of Steve JobsFrom two leading thinkers, the widely anticipated book that describes a new, hugely connected world of the future, full of challenges and benefits which are ours to meet and harness. The New Digital Age is the product of an unparalleled collaboration: full of the brilliant insights of one of Silicon Valley's great innovators - what Bill Gates was to Microsoft and Steve Jobs was to Apple, Schmidt (along with Larry Page and Sergey Brin) was to Google - and the Director of Google Ideas, Jared Cohen, formerly an advisor to both Secretaries of State Condoleezza Rice and Hillary Clinton. Never before has the future been so vividly and transparently imagined.|Technology